what's up guys shot from finches media
here and today believes gonna show us a
lot of wallbang in the map be inferno
first of all you got this cheater
wallbang that's a pretty easy one and it
hit a lot because there's a lot of CT
camping in the long hallway an apartment
waiting for you guys to push apart so
you need to line the wood thing together
on top i'm going to show you why right
here would thing on top align them with
that mid right post in the window and
just under the mid-post inside the
window and there you have it that's a
pretty cool bang like i said cuz there's
always or most of the time a guy there
another thing you can do in that place
when you hear them rush push apartment a
CT you can shoot through that floor
right here the floor is in wood and
there's a door right there so it goes
through the floor and would add the door
and would when you try wall back someone
within them for something like this be
sure that you're walking through wood
what is easy to go through so you'll get
the most damage out of it can also wall
BB room from there but this is going to
be do less damage because you're going
through walls instead of door you can
also to go from uh part their show
through that door right there you have
it this gonna be nice because you're
shooting through door you can well bank
people in apartment as soon as they're
going to way also if you have an OP you
can shoot through that brick wall right
there and get them I don't recommend
doing that wouldn't and for something
like this because you'll give away your
visitors for two HP of damage so if you
hit it with an up this won't be good but
if not don't do that a banana if you go
on that metal thing right there you aim
for that dark spot right there just a
little bit under it you can shoot
through that with up and you'll get
damaged and you probably won't get be
able to get shot there so make sure you
got a guy inside ready to call you if
they're coming ready to flash them like
I say under a black dot and there you
have it I hope you guys enjoy and i'll
see you guys next week for another
tutorial takes to believe for making
that video
you